Add guide about multi-signature accounts (#1856)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/integrate-blockchain/multisignature-accounts-and-transactions.adoc

How many and which members exactly need to sign a transaction is defined during the <<how-to-create-a-multi-signature-account,registration>> of the multi-signature account.

NOTE: A multi-signature account can have 2-64 members.

== Use cases for multi-signature accounts

=== Escrow Transactions
In case two users get into a dispute, a multi-signature account could be created to solve it.

For example, Alice makes the payment but Bob does not provide the services or goods as promised.
In such a scenario, to resolve the dispute between users, a mutually trusted third party/arbiter steps in.

Considering the wallet is configured to be 2-of-3 multi-sig wallet, the third key in above case is given to the arbiter.
Based on arbiter’s judgment the funds can be given either to Alice or to Bob.

=== Validator pools
Another  use case are "validator pools".
Users could combine their tokens in a multi-signature account in order to reach the required self-stake to be an active validator in the network.

A multi-signature account can be registered as validator, or an existing validator user account can be converted to a multi-signature validator account.

> This way, not only one person controls the account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This way, a single person does not control the account.
```

Author: ```suggestion
This way, no single person controls the account.
```

Instead, the account is controlled by the members of the multi-signature group.
Therefore, it is not possible for a single person to issue any transactions for the validator, like staking, changing the commission or transferring tokens.

=== Two-Factor Authentication
If Alice creates a multi-sig wallet that requires two keys, Alice creates a two-factor authentication mechanism to access the funds.
Alice can store the private keys on two different devices and the funds stored in Alice’s multi-signature account can be accessed only if both the keys are provided.

> CAUTION: However, using multi-signature as two-factor authentication can be risky, especially if it is a set of 2-of-2 multi-sig address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CAUTION: However, using multi-signature as two-factor authentication can be risky, especially if it is a set of 2-of-2 multi-sig addresses.
```

If one of the keys is lost, you will not be able to access your funds.
Thus, it is safer to use a 2-of-3 setup.

=== Decision Uniformity
A possible use case for multi-signature might be a family account, where family members manage the funds in the account collaboratively.

> Or consider a corporation with four board of directors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or consider a corporation with four board members serving as board of directors.
```

Once the account is registered as a multi-signature account, every outgoing transaction requires a signature for every public key in `mandatoryKeys`.
. `optionalKeys`: An array of public keys in lexicographical order.
Once the account is registered as a multi-signature account, every outgoing transaction requires some signatures for some public keys in `optionalKeys` (the number of needed signatures depends on the `numberOfSignatures` property and may also be zero).
. `signatures`: An array of signatures, corresponding to the public keys contained in `mandatoryKeys` and `optionalKeys`.
All public keys must have a corresponding signature.
The signatures corresponding to `mandatoryKeys` are appended first, followed by those corresponding to `optionalKeys`, where the order of signatures is the same as the order of public keys in the respective array.

Considering the use case example <<escrow-transactions>> from above, the multi-signature registration parameters would look like this:

. `numberOfSignatures`: 2
. `mandatoryKeys`: []
. `optionalKeys`: [AliceKey, BobKey, ArbiterKey]
. `signatures`: [AliceSignature, BobSignature, ArbiterSignature]

> === Pick account for becoming multi-signature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Pick an account to become multi-signature
```

Please be aware that the address of the multi-signature account is the same as the one before the multi-signature registration.

> Depending on the use case, you might want to turn one of your existing accounts into a multi-signature account, or to create a new account which will be used as multi-signature account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the use case, you might want to turn one of your existing accounts into a multi-signature account or create a new account that will be used as a multi-signature account.
```

IMPORTANT: If you create a *new account*, don't forget to send over *sufficient tokens* to send the multi-signature registration.

[tabs]
=====
Lisk Desktop::
+
--
For a step-by-step guide how to create a new account with Lisk Desktop, please refer to: {url_lisk_learn_create_account}[^]
--
Node CLI::
+
--
For a step-by-step guide how to create a new account with the node CLI, please refer to the xref:{url_run_accounts}[] guide.
--
Lisk Elements::
+
--
For a step-by-step guide how to create a new account with the Lisk Elements, please refer to the xref:{url_integrate_accounts}[] guide.
--
=====

=== Converting a user account into a multi-signature account

[tabs]
=====
Lisk Desktop::
+
--

> Click on the "Register multisignature account" button in the top left menu::

Author: the button label is without the hyphen

+

> To convert the current account into a multi-signature account, click on the top-left menu and select kbd:[Register multisignature account].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To convert the current account into a multi-signature account, click on the top-left menu and select kbd:[Register multi-signature account].
```

+
Share the transaction off-chain with the group members as described in the next section <<collecting-signatures>>.
+
.Transaction to be signed by all group members
[,json]
----
{
   "module":"auth",
   "command":"registerMultisignature",
   "nonce":"0",
   "fee":"443000",
   "senderPublicKey":"e57a23f897b13bdeef27439bb9f4e29ac0828018d27d6b39ade342879928b46a",
   "params":{
      "mandatoryKeys":[],
      "optionalKeys":[
         "61d320f822fcc163489499200ae6c99a66296513b1ca1066e49a37a026434ac0",
         "dfbe4e3999138d62047c23f61f222a91b24d9d056db055be24f9ab6d95d7aa78",
         "e57a23f897b13bdeef27439bb9f4e29ac0828018d27d6b39ade342879928b46a"
      ],
      "numberOfSignatures":2,
      "signatures":[
         "00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000",
         "00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000",
         "00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000"
      ]
   },
   "signatures":[],
   "id":""
}
----

> NOTE: The `000..0` signatures are placeholder for the pending signatures from the members of the multi-signature group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: The `000..0` signatures are placeholders for the pending signatures from the members of the multi-signature group.
```

   "params":{
      "mandatoryKeys":[],
      "optionalKeys":[
         "61d320f822fcc163489499200ae6c99a66296513b1ca1066e49a37a026434ac0",
         "dfbe4e3999138d62047c23f61f222a91b24d9d056db055be24f9ab6d95d7aa78",
         "e57a23f897b13bdeef27439bb9f4e29ac0828018d27d6b39ade342879928b46a"
      ],
      "numberOfSignatures":2,
      "signatures":[
         "34ce00321ddb124c37cb02074fe260bd8c13aed902f64e7b67af23a523a7ebc2b4c6710bbd8da6a43959e3424a5d405852f161241e270a0562056a8e62da7b05",
         "bbf06d1edddeb097943816e5d261b9d470f252143e62226f28c17ff94db4dd7dedf8888fae3a21abcdf745645d2de6ea90938dbc9bed11556de97efe85735000",
         "f930c51abf5b4a9254e5fd0f36d1c2efd644c38835ff437117678f1fdb6d1ef55da6456f56ee1b9c83c9c4f25d2d7a3044561498c8412393e19063cf2049330e"
      ]
   },
   "signatures":[
      "355727c5a2e144e714303fb3ed37113c2245b4a2e5fbb938979e747036cfdd3b618ec58ca58ffa98f0da6662ab58d1f81113950c25af9e89824b80ba16057404"
   ],
   "id":"46335ce10e8c8b01162b9b4da0bd48ed253ab68afdcaa043487c54e115427149"
}
----
====
--
Node CLI::
+
--

Log in to Lisk Desktop with your account that is defined as part of the new multi-sig group.

> Copy the transaction from above in JSON string format and proceed to sign the transaction object in Lisk Desktop, as explained in <<collecting-signatures>>.

Author: there is non afaik

> Copy the transaction from above in JSON string format and proceed to sign the transaction object in Lisk Desktop, as explained in <<collecting-signatures>>.

Author: I see your point, I have commented out the related content for now 👍

const = cryptography.ed.signDataWithPrivateKey(tag,chainID,data1,privateKey1).toString("hex");
----
--
=====

=== How to send the multi-signature registration

[tabs]
=====
Lisk Desktop::
+
--
After all group members have signed the transaction object, it is possible to send it to the network:

image:integrate-blockchain/multisig/12-send.png[,200]

If the transaction was sent successfully, it will show a confirmation message.
--
Node CLI::
+
--
If you used Lisk Desktop to collect the required signatures, it is possible to directly send it from Lisk Desktop, after the last required signature was added to the transaction.

In case you want to send the transaction via CLI, download or copy the JSON from Lisk Desktop and send it like this:

Use the console of xref:{url_core}[Lisk Core] or xref:{url_sdk_commander}[Lisk Commander] to encode the transaction JSON;

----
lisk console
----

[,js]
----
lisk-core > const tx = {
...   module: 'token',
...   command: 'transfer',
...   params: {
...     tokenID: '0300000800000000',
...     amount: '100000000',

> ...     recipientAddress: 'lskycz7hvr8yfu74bcwxy2n4mopfmjancgdvxq8xz',

Author: >  How would the same transaction look like when signed by multiple parties?

In that case there would be multiple signatures under the `signatures` property of the tx. In this case it was in fact only one signature, so I updated it now to be multiple signatures 👍

...     data: 'Hello World!'
...   },
...   nonce: '2',
...   fee: '176000',
...   senderPublicKey: 'ec10255d3e78b2977f04e59ea9afd3e9a2ce9a6b44619ef9f6c47c29695b1df3',
...   signatures: [
...     '866c4a96e8d9dd27100520759e1974cea8db52bf0df4b7660b5a87c6e4cd4488c6c71ac6f6ebbd57188a355a331d10f318f814eae63fb966e4f8cea25530480f'
...   ],
...   id: '6ffb10cf563b809618a079f07791f2699be6989935e2582d5e5f4cc7afd2b4f9'

> ... }

Author: i think this is how it is copied from the lisk console, no meaning afaik

----

----

> lisk-core > let hexTx

Author: defines a variable

+
--
Import the transaction::
In Lisk Desktop, click on the kbd:[Sign multisignature] button in the left menu.
This will open a new window, where it is possible to paste the JSON of the multi-sig transaction that the account intends to sign.
image:integrate-blockchain/multisig/16-import-tx.png[]

Confirm the transaction parameters::
Review the parameters of the transaction, and confirm the correctness with your signature by clicking on kbd:[Sign], or reject the transaction by clicking on kbd:[Reject].
image:integrate-blockchain/multisig/17-review.png[]

Send the transaction::
When the minimum required signatures for a multi-signature transaction are reached, it is possible to directly post the transaction by hitting the kbd:[Send] button.
Otherwise, you can download the new JSON with your signature appended, and pass it to the next member of the multi-signature group.
image:integrate-blockchain/multisig/18-send.png[]
+
When the transaction was accepted, the following confirmation message will be displayed.
+
image:integrate-blockchain/multisig/19-confirmation.png[]
--
Node CLI::
+
--
Log into Lisk Desktop with your account that is defined as part of the new multi-sig group.

> Copy the transaction from the last step in JSON string format and proceed to sign the transaction object in Lisk Desktop, as explained in <<how-to-sign-a-multi-signature-transaction>>.

Author: it basically says you should use Lisk Desktop, as there is no straight-forward way to do it via cli

When prompted for the `signatures`, leave it empty for now -  the signatures will be added gradually, as all members of the multi-signature group need to provide their own signature for the transaction.

After providing all necessary parameters, the transaction is returned:

[,json]
----
{
  "transaction": {
    "module": "auth",
    "command": "registerMultisignature",
    "fee": "100000000",
    "nonce": "8",
    "senderPublicKey": "83eac294606806e0f4125203e2d0dac5ef1fc8730d5ec12e77e94f823f2262fa",
    "signatures": [
      "9a2c36568b3d211d2ad3de77ce528e1fc68d42f81862d421166317f282d5e282699ca78e15f94398ffe638a90a130886c65304e362c83fe00b60402983f80c0a"
    ],
    "params": {
      "numberOfSignatures": 2,
      "mandatoryKeys": [],
      "optionalKeys": [
        "61d320f822fcc163489499200ae6c99a66296513b1ca1066e49a37a026434ac0",
        "dfbe4e3999138d62047c23f61f222a91b24d9d056db055be24f9ab6d95d7aa78",
        "6290c8b58de8b71fedb7e3cb9a6ee9426aa3e7ac0141f278526375d46705b546"
      ],
      "signatures": []
    },
    "id": "4e559f9b9d9e120d967be7b5bda177aaaef76b8cb7c8ab8d72e522c63dd5de91"
  }
}
----
--
Lisk Elements::
+
--

> Prepare a JSON object that contains all required <<parameters>> for sending a multi-signature registration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prepare a JSON object that contains all required <<parameters, parameters>> for sending a multi-signature registration.
```

         "dfbe4e3999138d62047c23f61f222a91b24d9d056db055be24f9ab6d95d7aa78",
         "e57a23f897b13bdeef27439bb9f4e29ac0828018d27d6b39ade342879928b46a"
      ],
      "numberOfSignatures":2,
      "signatures":[
         "34ce00321ddb124c37cb02074fe260bd8c13aed902f64e7b67af23a523a7ebc2b4c6710bbd8da6a43959e3424a5d405852f161241e270a0562056a8e62da7b05",
         "bbf06d1edddeb097943816e5d261b9d470f252143e62226f28c17ff94db4dd7dedf8888fae3a21abcdf745645d2de6ea90938dbc9bed11556de97efe85735000",
         "f930c51abf5b4a9254e5fd0f36d1c2efd644c38835ff437117678f1fdb6d1ef55da6456f56ee1b9c83c9c4f25d2d7a3044561498c8412393e19063cf2049330e"
      ]
   },
   "signatures":[
      "355727c5a2e144e714303fb3ed37113c2245b4a2e5fbb938979e747036cfdd3b618ec58ca58ffa98f0da6662ab58d1f81113950c25af9e89824b80ba16057404"
   ],
   "id":"46335ce10e8c8b01162b9b4da0bd48ed253ab68afdcaa043487c54e115427149"
}
----
====
--
Node CLI::
+
--

Log in to Lisk Desktop with your account that is defined as part of the new multi-sig group.

Copy the transaction from above in JSON string format and proceed to sign the transaction object in Lisk Desktop, as explained in <<collecting-signatures>>.
--
Lisk Elements::
+
--

> Extend the script from <<how-to-create-a-multi-signature-account>> and append some code that asks the private key of a user, and uses it to sign the prepared transaction JSON.

Reviewer: What script are we talking about here? 🤔 The hyperlink takes you to the section where all the properties are described.

Author: Was leading to the wrong section, updated it now.

Don't forget to specify the other required parameters for `ed.signDataWithPrivateKey()`, especially `chainID` should be the correct chain ID for the account, and the `tag` for multi-signature registrations should always be `LSK_RMSG_`.

An example script can be found in the lisk-sdk-examples repository: {url_github_guides_multisig}[multisig.js^]
--
=====

=== How to send the multi-signature registration

[tabs]
=====
Lisk Desktop::
+
--
After all group members have signed the transaction object, it is possible to send it to the network:

image:integrate-blockchain/multisig/12-send.png[,200]

If the transaction was sent successfully, it will show a confirmation message.
--
Node CLI::
+
--
If you used Lisk Desktop to collect the required signatures, it is possible to directly send it from Lisk Desktop, after the last required signature was added to the transaction.

In case you want to send the transaction via CLI, download or copy the JSON from Lisk Desktop and send it like this:

Use the console of xref:{url_core}[Lisk Core] or xref:{url_sdk_commander}[Lisk Commander] to encode the transaction JSON;

----
lisk console
----

[,js]
----

> lisk-core > const tx = {

Author: console can be opened from both commander and node CLI :)

NOTE: A multi-signature account can have 2-64 members.

== Use cases for multi-signature accounts
The uses for multi-signature accounts are numerous and the below examples are only a small selection of the potential possibilities.

=== Escrow Transactions
In case two users get into a dispute, a multi-signature account could be created to solve it.

For example, Alice makes the payment but Bob does not provide the services or goods as promised.
In such a scenario, to resolve the dispute between users, a mutually trusted third party/arbiter steps in.

Considering the wallet is configured to be a 2-of-3 multi-sig wallet, the third key in the above case is given to the arbiter.
Based on the arbiter’s judgment the funds can be given either to Alice or to Bob.

=== Joint Account
A 1-out-of-2 account with no mandatory key can be shared by partners.
Each has a key allowing them to spend the tokens in the account.
In this way, it is clear who has signed which transaction.

=== Community Accounts
An account with 1 mandatory signature and 1 optional out-of-N could be used by a social club.
The account would require the signature of the accountant and one other member.

> This way the accountant approves every transaction, which in turn allows them to keep an eye on all the club's expenditure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This way the accountant approves every transaction, which in turn allows them to keep an eye on all the club's expenditures.
```

Additionally, each transaction is also signed by one member of the club, prohibiting the accountant from stealing any of the funds.

=== Validator pools
Another use case is of "validator pools".
Securing enough self-votes to be an active validator might be easier to achieve for a group than for a single individual.
Users could combine their tokens in a multi-signature account in order to reach the required self-stake to be an active validator in the network.

> For example, three people could each participate in a multisignature account with three mandatory keys and register this account as a validator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, three people could each participate in a multi-signature account with three mandatory keys and register this account as a validator.
```

--
Lisk Elements::
+
--
For a step-by-step guide on creating a new account with Lisk Elements, please refer to the xref:{url_integrate_accounts}[] guide.
--
=====

////
--
Node CLI::
+
--
For a step-by-step guide regarding how to create a new account with the node CLI, please refer to the xref:{url_run_accounts}[] guide.
////

=== Converting a user account into a multi-signature account

[tabs]
=====
Lisk Desktop::
+
--
Click on the "Register multisignature account" button in the top left menu::
+
To convert the current account into a multi-signature account, click on the top-left menu and select kbd:[Register multisignature account].
+
image:integrate-blockchain/multisig/01-register.png["Register button",300]

Define required signatures and group members::
+
This will open a new window where it is possible to define all required parameters like the required amount of signatures and the members of the group.
+
image:integrate-blockchain/multisig/02-add-keys.png["Add public keys",300]
+
Members are added by pasting their respective public keys and selecting kbd:[Mandatory] or kbd:[Optional] for the specific member.
+

> When all parameters are defined, click on the kbd:[Go to confirmation] button to go proceed with the next step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When all parameters are defined, click on the kbd:[Go to confirmation] button to proceed with the next step.
```

   "nonce":"0",
   "fee":"443000",
   "senderPublicKey":"e57a23f897b13bdeef27439bb9f4e29ac0828018d27d6b39ade342879928b46a",
   "params":{
      "mandatoryKeys":[],
      "optionalKeys":[
         "61d320f822fcc163489499200ae6c99a66296513b1ca1066e49a37a026434ac0",
         "dfbe4e3999138d62047c23f61f222a91b24d9d056db055be24f9ab6d95d7aa78",
         "e57a23f897b13bdeef27439bb9f4e29ac0828018d27d6b39ade342879928b46a"
      ],
      "numberOfSignatures":2,
      "signatures":[
         "34ce00321ddb124c37cb02074fe260bd8c13aed902f64e7b67af23a523a7ebc2b4c6710bbd8da6a43959e3424a5d405852f161241e270a0562056a8e62da7b05",
         "bbf06d1edddeb097943816e5d261b9d470f252143e62226f28c17ff94db4dd7dedf8888fae3a21abcdf745645d2de6ea90938dbc9bed11556de97efe85735000",
         "f930c51abf5b4a9254e5fd0f36d1c2efd644c38835ff437117678f1fdb6d1ef55da6456f56ee1b9c83c9c4f25d2d7a3044561498c8412393e19063cf2049330e"
      ]
   },
   "signatures":[
      "355727c5a2e144e714303fb3ed37113c2245b4a2e5fbb938979e747036cfdd3b618ec58ca58ffa98f0da6662ab58d1f81113950c25af9e89824b80ba16057404"
   ],
   "id":"46335ce10e8c8b01162b9b4da0bd48ed253ab68afdcaa043487c54e115427149"
}
----
====
--
Lisk Elements::
+
--

> Extend the script from <<converting-a-user-account-into-a-multi-signature-account>> and append some code that asks the private key of a user, and uses it to sign the prepared transaction JSON.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extend the script from <<converting-a-user-account-into-a-multi-signature-account>> and append some code that asks for the private key of a user, and uses it to sign the prepared transaction JSON.
```

To add a signature to a transaction, use the `ed.signDataWithPrivateKey()` method of the {url_typedoc_crypto}[lisk-cryptography^] package.

Don't forget to specify the other required parameters for `ed.signDataWithPrivateKey()`, especially `chainID` should be the correct chain ID for the account, and the `tag` for multi-signature registrations should always be `LSK_RMSG_`.

An example script can be found in the lisk-sdk-examples repository: {url_github_guides_multisig}[multisig.js^]

When using this script for several members, the `paramsStr` variable should be updated to the params that were returned from running `node mutisig.js PRIVATEKEY`.
This way all required signatures will be added to the parameters one after another.

> When all required signatures are added, the parameters can be used to xref:{url_integrate_createtxs_apiclient}[create] a multi-signature registration transaction from the account that should be converted to multi-signature account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When all required signatures are added, the parameters can be used to xref:{url_integrate_createtxs_apiclient}[create] a multi-signature registration transaction from the account that should be converted to a multi-signature account.
```

----

Copy the resulting hex string, close the console, and send the transaction as usual via node CLI:

----
lisk-core transaction:send 0a05746f6b656e12087472616e7366657218022080df0a2a20ec10255d3e78b2977f04e59ea9afd3e9a2ce9a6b44619ef9f6c47c29695b1df332330a0803000008000000001080c2d72f1a1488c0ee8a4f8fa0e498770c70749584f179938ffa220c48656c6c6f20576f726c64213a40866c4a96e8d9dd27100520759e1974cea8db52bf0df4b7660b5a87c6e4cd4488c6c71ac6f6ebbd57188a355a331d10f318f814eae63fb966e4f8cea25530480f
----
////

Once the transaction is included in a block, the account is converted into a multi-signature account, and it is possible to <<how-to-create-a-multi-signature-transaction,create and sign multi-signature transactions>>.

== How to create a multi-signature transaction

This section describes how to create a transaction for a multi-signature account.

The transaction creation is basically analog to normal transactions.

One difference is, that for multi-sig transactions, it will not be possible to send the created transaction right away.

> First, all required signatures need to be collect, like explained in <<how-to-sign-a-multi-signature-transaction>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, all required signatures need to be collected, as explained in <<how-to-sign-a-multi-signature-transaction>>.
```

> That is why you want the transaction to be returned in JSON format in most cases, so all data to be signed is human-readable and can be reviewed verified by the respective group members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That is why you want the transaction to be returned in JSON format in most cases, so all data to be signed is human-readable and can be reviewed and verified by the respective group members.
```

----
? Please enter passphrase:  [hidden]
? Please enter: tokenID:  0400000000000000
? Please enter: amount:  800000000
? Please enter: recipientAddress:  lskt8ovj2shbxrtno8xqqt7cnmzzygdkbt6brnvmj
? Please enter: data:  Happy birthday!
----

Now copy the transaction in JSON format and share it with the next member of the multi-signature group, so they can sign it as well.

.Result
[,json]
----
{
   "transaction":{
      "module":"token",
      "command":"transfer",
      "fee":"100000000",
      "nonce":"4",
      "senderPublicKey":"3972849f2ab66376a68671c10a00e8b8b67d880434cc65b04c6ed886dfa91c2c",
      "signatures":[
         "c06cd0ef375911528d491971296532dbd58725f0fccc0f23e6c0656c43e75ecd12635616117e64d005f1c9f2a55de7cf2d8f5cb961927d839d141a18faa80e08"
      ],
      "params":{
         "tokenID":"0400000000000000",
         "amount":"800000000",
         "recipientAddress":"lskt8ovj2shbxrtno8xqqt7cnmzzygdkbt6brnvmj",
         "data":"Happy birthday!"
      },
      "id":"f3f537bbd52464d2f97c02f5ef0f9a805d19ad4f8ef1c7efa1da17cef0e5036a"
   }
}
----
--
////

== How to sign a multi-signature transaction

> Like the name suggests, multi-signature transaction require signatures from multiple accounts to be valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the name suggests, a multi-signature transaction requires signatures from multiple accounts to be valid.
```

image:integrate-blockchain/multisig/16-import-tx.png[]

Confirm the transaction parameters::
Review the parameters of the transaction, and confirm the correctness with your signature by clicking on kbd:[Sign], or reject the transaction by clicking on kbd:[Reject].
image:integrate-blockchain/multisig/17-review.png[]

Send the transaction::
When the minimum required signatures for a multi-signature transaction are reached, it is possible to directly post the transaction by hitting the kbd:[Send] button.
Otherwise, you can download the new JSON with your signature appended, and pass it to the next member of the multi-signature group.
image:integrate-blockchain/multisig/18-send.png[]
+
When the transaction is accepted, the following confirmation message will be displayed.
+
image:integrate-blockchain/multisig/19-confirmation.png[]
--
Lisk Elements::
+
--
To collect all required signatures for a transaction from a multi-signature account, you can use a similar script the {url_github_guides_multisig}[multisig.js^], which was used in step <<collecting-signatures>> above.

> The main thing that needs to updated in the script are the `module`, `command` and `params` properties of the transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main thing that needs to be updated in the script are the `module`, `command`, and `params` properties of the transaction.
```

.Result
[,json]
----
{
   "transaction":{
      "module":"token",
      "command":"transfer",
      "fee":"100000000",
      "nonce":"4",
      "senderPublicKey":"3972849f2ab66376a68671c10a00e8b8b67d880434cc65b04c6ed886dfa91c2c",
      "signatures":[
         "c06cd0ef375911528d491971296532dbd58725f0fccc0f23e6c0656c43e75ecd12635616117e64d005f1c9f2a55de7cf2d8f5cb961927d839d141a18faa80e08"
      ],
      "params":{
         "tokenID":"0400000000000000",
         "amount":"800000000",
         "recipientAddress":"lskt8ovj2shbxrtno8xqqt7cnmzzygdkbt6brnvmj",
         "data":"Happy birthday!"
      },
      "id":"f3f537bbd52464d2f97c02f5ef0f9a805d19ad4f8ef1c7efa1da17cef0e5036a"
   }
}
----
--
Lisk Elements::
+
--

> Create a transaction like normally for example with the API client, like explained here: xref:{url_integrate_createtxs_apiclient}[How to create a transaction via API client].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a transaction like normally for example with the API client, as explained here: xref:{url_integrate_createtxs_apiclient}[How to create a transaction via API client].
```

Lisk Elements::
+
--
To collect all required signatures for a transaction from a multi-signature account, you can use a similar script the {url_github_guides_multisig}[multisig.js^], which was used in step <<collecting-signatures>> above.

> The main thing that needs to updated in the script, is the transaction object to be signed.

Reviewer: 1. I ran the script at my end by passing a private key to it, what is the next step in case two signatures are required? I think this should be mentioned here.
2. The signatures returned by the script are in the `buffer` format, I think these should be in the JSON hex format.

![image](https://github.com/LiskHQ/lisk-docs/assets/13951043/df8cc41f-b0b9-43e9-a53b-184e2cf1d25c)

Author: I updated the script to return the params in JSON

Here, you should put the transaction that was created in the previous step <<how-to-create-a-multi-signature-transaction>>.

> Once all required signatures for the respective multi-sig transaction are collected, it can be sent like a normal transaction, like described here: xref:{url_integrate_posttxs_apiclient}[].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once all required signatures for the respective multi-sig transaction are collected, it can be sent like a normal transaction, as described here: xref:{url_integrate_posttxs_apiclient}[WS & IPC API example with API client].
```

+
image:integrate-blockchain/multisig/19-confirmation.png[]
--
Lisk Elements::
+
--

> To collect all required signatures for a transaction from a multi-signature account, you can use a similar script the {url_github_guides_multisig}[multisig.js^], which was used in step <<collecting-signatures>> above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To collect all required signatures for a transaction from a multi-signature account, you can use a similar script as the {url_github_guides_multisig}[multisig.js^], which was used in step <<collecting-signatures>> above.
```
